Add redis symlinks at the same place as the installed binaries (#193)
valkey-io/valkey: README.md

You can use `make PREFIX=/some/other/directory install` if you wish to use a
different destination.

> _Note_: For compatibility with Redis, we create symlinks from the Redis names (redis-server, redis-cli, etc.) to the Valkey binaries created by the `make install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note_: For compatibility with Redis, we create symlinks from the Redis names (`redis-server`, `redis-cli`, etc.) to the Valkey binaries installed by `make install`.
```

The symlinks are created in same directory as the the Valkey binaries.
The symlinks are removed when using `make uninstall`.

> The creation of the symlinks can be skipped by setting the environment variable `USE_REDIS_SYMLINKS=no`.

Reviewer: When you call make as `USE_REDIS_SYMLINKS=no make install`, it's an environment variable, but when you call it as `make install USE_REDIS_SYMLINKS=no` it's something else handled by make. Let's write it like the other variables if possible.

> The creation of the symlinks can be skipped by setting the environment variable `CONFIGURE_REDIS_SYMLINKS=false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The creation of the symlinks can be skipped by setting the environment variable `INSTALL_REDIS_SYMLINKS=no`.
```

The other makefile booleans use yes/no. Let's follow that.

Reviewer 2: I suggested CONFIGURE instead of INSTALL because it also controls uninstalling the symlinks. I'm aligned with yes/no though.

Reviewer: Good point. It's not configuring wither though.. USE_REDIS_SYMLINKS?

Another possibility would be to remove the symlinks in uninstall regardless of this variable, but instead we can check that they are symlinks before deleting them?

Reviewer 2: > USE_REDIS_SYMLINKS

I think this is simpler.

You can use `make PREFIX=/some/other/directory install` if you wish to use a
different destination.

> _Note_: For compatibility with redis, we will create symlinks with the old names (redis-cli, etc.) to these in `make install` (the switch in `src/Makefile` is `ENABLE_REDIS_SYMBLINK` and its default value is `true`). These are located at the same place as the installed binaries, e.g. under `/usr/local/bin/` or similar. **Also, these identically named files are removed when `make unstalll`.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Note_: For compatibility with Redis, we create symlinks from the Redis names (redis-server, redis-cli, etc.) to the Valkey binaries created by the `make install`.
The symlinks are created in same directory as the the Valkey binaries.
The symlinks are removed when using `make uninstall`.
The creation of the symlinks can be skipped by setting the environment variable `CONFIGURE_REDIS_SYMLINKS=false`.
```
